====================================
[30m[47mConnecting to Docker host machine...[0m
====================================
Done

==========================================
[30m[47mEmptying the /home/test/Downloads/ path...[0m
==========================================
Done
============================
[30m[47mDownloading FMS installer...[0m
============================
===========================================
[30m[47mGive execute permission to the installer...[0m
===========================================
Done

====================================
[30m[47mDownloading Foglight.license file...[0m
====================================
Done
================================================================================
[30m[47mInstalling FMS in console mode with prepared responses to the console prompts...[0m
================================================================================
Preparing to install...
Extracting the JRE from the installer archive...
Unpacking the JRE...
Extracting the installation resources from the installer archive...
Configuring the installer for this system's environment...

Launching installer...

Preparing CONSOLE Mode Installation...

===============================================================================
Foglight 5.9.5                    (created with InstallAnywhere by Macrovision)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------




===============================================================================
Introduction
------------

InstallAnywhere will guide you through the installation of Foglight.

It is strongly recommended that you quit all programs before continuing with 
this installation.

Respond to each prompt to proceed to the next step in the installation.  If you
want to change something on a previous step, type 'back'.

You may cancel this installation at any time by typing 'quit'.

[Build: 5.9.5-201901131709-163412de-4]

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 


===============================================================================
Transaction Product Agreement
-----------------------------

Installation and use of Foglight requires acceptance of the following 
Transaction Product Agreement:

Software Transaction Agreement

PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS PRODUCT. BY DOWNLOADING,
INSTALLING OR USING THIS PRODUCT, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. FOR ORDERS PLACED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES OF 
AMERICA, PLEASE GO TO http://quest.com/legal/sta.aspx TO VIEW THE APPLICABLE 
VERSION OF THIS AGREEMENT FOR YOUR REGION. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE APPLICABLE VERSION OF THIS AGREEMENT FOR 
YOUR REGION, DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL OR USE THIS PRODUCT. IF YOU HAVE A SIGNED
AGREEMENT WITH PROVIDER THAT IS SPECIFICALLY REFERENCED IN AN ORDER THAT IS 
EXECUTED BETWEEN YOU AND PROVIDER, THEN THAT SIGNED AGREEMENT WILL SUPERSEDE 
THIS AGREEMENT.

This Software Transaction Agreement (the "Agreement") is made between you, the 
Customer ("Customer" or "You") and the Provider, as defined below.

1.	Definitions.	Capitalized terms not defined in context shall have the 
meanings assigned to them below:

(a)	"Affiliate" means any legal entity controlling, controlled by, or under 
common control with a party to this Agreement, for so long as such control 
relationship exists.


PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
(b)	"Appliance" means a computer hardware product upon which the Software is 
pre-installed and delivered.

(c)	"Documentation" means the user manuals and documentation that Provider 
makes available for the Software, and all copies of the foregoing.

(d)	"eStore" means Provider's online Software ordering system located at 	
http://quest.com/shop/.

(e)	"License Entitlements" means the quantities and versions of Products 
licensed to Customer, the new versions and releases to which Customer is 
entitled to under any active Maintenance Services, and the Product Terms that 
apply to each Product.

(f)	"License Type" means the model by which the Software is licensed (e.g., by 
server, by mailbox, by managed user) as indicated in the applicable Order.

(g) 	"Maintenance Services" means Provider's maintenance and support offering 
for the Products as identified in the Maintenance Services Section below.

(h) 	An "Order" is either (i) an ordering document signed by Customer and 
Provider ("Signed Order"), (ii) an order placed through the eStore, (iii) an 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
order placed through a Partner, or (iv) a Customer purchase order ("PO") 
submitted to Provider.  All Orders are governed solely and exclusively by this 
Agreement and any additional or varying terms stated on (a) a Signed Order or 
(b) a Provider quotation referenced on a PO that states that it is governed 
exclusively by such quotation ("Governing Quotation").  Each Order shall be 
Customer's irrevocable commitment to purchase and pay for the Products and/or 
Maintenance Services stated in the Order and each Order placed with Provider 
shall be subject to approval by Provider in writing or by performance.

(i)	"Overuse" means Use that is in excess of Customer's License Entitlements or
any other unauthorized Use.

(j)	"Partner" means a reseller or distributor that is under contract with 
Provider or another Partner and is authorized via such contract to resell the 
Products and/or Maintenance Services.

(k)	"Product Guide" means the document located at 
http://Quest.com/docs/Product_Guide.pdf that contains the Product Terms.

(l)	"Product Terms" means the terms associated with each License Type and any 
other terms associated with an individual Product.  The Product Terms for 
Products in a Signed Order or a Governing Quotation shall be as stated in the 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
Signed Order or Governing Quotation. If no Product Terms are stated in the 
Signed Order or Governing Quotation, if the Order is placed with a PO only, if 
the Order is placed through the eStore, or if the Products are purchased from a
Partner, then the Product Terms for such Products shall be as stated in the 
Product Guide as of the date of the Order or purchase.

(m)	"Provider" means Quest Software Inc., with its principal place of business 
located at 4 Polaris Way, Aliso Viejo, CA 92656. If an Order is placed through 
and approved by an Affiliate of Provider, then that Affiliate shall be the 
Provider under this Agreement. If the Provider is renamed, then the renamed 
entity shall become the Provider under this Agreement.

(n)	"Products" means the Software and Appliance(s) provided to Customer by 
Provider.

(o)	"Software" means the object code version of the software that is provided 
or made available to Customer pursuant to an Order as well as any new versions 
and releases of such software that are made available to Customer pursuant to 
this Agreement, and all copies of the foregoing. Software includes On-Premise 
Software and SaaS Software (as defined in the Software License Section), along 
with software that is delivered on an Appliance.


PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
(p) 	"Use" means Customer's installations, deployment, access of or provision 
of access to, or use of each Product

2.	Software License.

(a)	General. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Provider grants to 
Customer, and Customer accepts from Provider, a non-exclusive, non-transferable
(except as otherwise set forth herein) and non-sublicensable license to access 
and use the quantities of each item of Software purchased from Provider or a 
Partner within the parameters of the Product Terms associated with the 
applicable Software and License Type (the "License"). Except for MSP Licenses 
(as defined below), Customer shall only use the Software to support the 
internal business operations of itself and its worldwide Affiliates.

(b)  On-Premise Software. If Software is delivered to Customer for (i) 
Customer's installation and use on its own equipment or (ii) pre-installed by 
Provider on an Appliance ("On-Premise Software"), the License shall be 
perpetual (unless otherwise stated on the Order) and shall also include the 
right to (i) make a reasonable number of additional copies of the On-Premise 
Software to be used solely for non-productive archival or passive disaster 
recovery purposes, provided such copies are kept in a secure location and are 
not used for production purposes unless the primary copy of the On-Premise 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
Software is not being used for production purposes, and (ii) make and use 
copies of the Documentation as reasonably necessary to support Customer's 
authorized users in their use of the On-Premise Software. Each License for 
On-Premise Software shall only be installed by Customer in the country in which
the On-Premise Software is initially delivered to Customer.

(c)	Software as a Service. If an Order provides Customer with a right to access
and use Software installed on equipment operated by Provider or its suppliers 
("SaaS Software"), (i) the License for such SaaS Software shall be granted for 
the duration of the term stated in the Order (the "SaaS Term"), as such SaaS 
Term may be extended by automatic or agreed upon renewals, and (ii) the terms 
set forth in the SaaS Provisions Section of this Agreement shall apply to all 
access to and use of such Software. If any item of Software to be installed on 
Customer's equipment is provided in connection with SaaS Software, the License 
duration for such Software shall be for the corresponding SaaS Term, and 
Customer shall promptly install any updates to such Software as may be provided
by Provider.

(d)	MSP License. If an Order indicates that Software is to be used by Customer 
as a managed service provider, Customer shall be granted a License to use such 
Software and the associated Documentation to provide Management Services (an 
"MSP License"). "Management Services" include, without limitation, application,

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
operating system, and database implementation, performance tuning, and 
maintenance services provided by Customer to its customers (each, a "Client"). 
Each MSP License is governed by the terms of this Agreement and the MSP terms 
in the Product Guide.

If an Order for an MSP License expressly permits Customer to install copies of 
the Software on its Clients' equipment or to provide its Clients access to the 
Software, then Customer shall ensure that (i) each Client only uses the 
Software and Documentation as part of the Management Services provided to it by
Customer, (ii) such use is subject to the restrictions and limitations 
contained in this Agreement, including, but not limited to those in the Export 
Section of this Agreement, and the applicable Order, and (iii) each Client 
cooperates with Provider during any compliance review that may be conducted by 
Provider or its designated agent.  At the conclusion of any Management Services
engagement with a Client, Customer shall promptly remove any Software installed
on its Client's computer equipment or require the Client to do the same. 
Customer agrees that it shall be jointly and severally liable to Provider for 
the acts and omissions of its Clients in connection with their use of the 
Software and Documentation and shall, at its expense, defend Provider against 
any action, suit, or claim brought against Provider by a Client in connection 
with or related to Customer's Management Services and pay any final judgments 
or settlements as well as Provider's expenses in connection with such action, 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
suit, or claim.

(e)	Evaluation License. If an Order indicates that Software is to be used by 
Customer for evaluation purposes, or if Software is otherwise obtained from 
Provider for evaluation purposes, Customer shall be granted a License to use 
such Software and the associated Documentation solely for Customer's own 
non-production, internal evaluation purposes (an "Evaluation License"). Each 
Evaluation License shall be granted for an evaluation period of up to thirty 
(30) days from the date of delivery of the On-Premise Software or from the date
that access is granted to the SaaS Software, plus any extensions granted by 
Provider in writing (the "Evaluation Period"). There is no fee for an 
Evaluation License during the Evaluation Period, however, Customer is 
responsible for any applicable shipping charges or taxes which may be incurred,
and any fees which may be associated with usage beyond the scope permitted 
herein. Customer will only be granted one Evaluation License per release of any
item of Software. Notwithstanding anything otherwise set forth in this 
Agreement, Customer understands and agrees that Evaluation Licenses are 
provided "AS IS" and that Provider does not provide warranties or Maintenance 
Services for Evaluation Licenses.

(f)	Freeware License. If Customer downloads a freeware version of Software from
a Provider website, the terms of use of such Software shall be governed by the 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
applicable Freeware definition set forth in the Product Guide (a "Freeware 
License"). Notwithstanding anything otherwise set forth in this Agreement, 
Customer understands and agrees that Freeware Licenses are (i) provided "AS 
IS", (ii) Provider does not provide warranties or Maintenance Services for 
Freeware Licenses, and (iii) Freeware Licenses are for internal use only and 
may not distributed to any third party.

(g)	Use by Third Parties. Customer may allow its services vendors and 
contractors (each, a "Third Party User") to access and use the Software and 
Documentation provided to Customer hereunder solely for purposes of providing 
services to Customer , provided that Customer ensures that (i) the Third Party 
User's access to or use of the Software and Documentation is subject to the 
restrictions and limitations contained in this Agreement, including, but not 
limited to those in the Export Section, and the applicable Order(s), (ii) the 
Third Party User cooperates with Provider during any compliance review that may
be conducted by Provider or its designated agent, and (iii) the Third Party 
Users promptly removes any Software installed on its computer equipment upon 
the completion of the Third Party's need to access or use the Software as 
permitted by this Section. Customer agrees that the acts and omissions of its 
Third Party Users related to this Agreement, the Software, and Orders shall be 
deemed the acts and omissions of Customer.


PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
(h)	Third Party Licenses. Some Products incorporate third party components 
which are subject to the terms of the third party licenses and whose licenses 
require Provider to publish copies of the licensing language and/or copyright 
notices. Copies of such third party licenses are available at 
https://www.quest.com/legal/third-party-licenses.aspx.

3. 	Restrictions. Customer may not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or
attempt to discover or modify in any way the underlying source code of the 
Software, or any part thereof unless and to the extent (a) such restrictions 
are prohibited by applicable law and (b) Customer has requested 
interoperability information in writing from Provider and Provider has not 
provided such information in a timely manner. In addition, Customer may not (i)
modify, translate, localize, adapt, rent, lease, loan, create or prepare 
derivative works of, or create a patent based on the Products, Documentation or
any part thereof, (ii) resell, sublicense or distribute the Products or 
Documentation, (iii) provide, make available to, or permit use of the Products,
in whole or in part, by any third party (except as expressly set forth herein),
(iv) use the Products or Documentation to create or enhance a competitive 
offering or for any other purpose which is competitive to Provider, (v) remove 
Software that was delivered on an Appliance from the Appliance on which it was 
delivered and load such Software onto a different appliance without Provider's 
prior written consent, or (vi) perform or fail to perform any other act which 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
would result in a misappropriation or infringement of Provider's intellectual 
property rights in the Products or Documentation. Each permitted copy of the 
Software and Documentation made by Customer hereunder must contain all titles, 
trademarks, copyrights and restricted rights notices as in the original. 
Customer understands and agrees that the Products may work in conjunction with 
third party products and Customer agrees to be responsible for ensuring that it
is properly licensed to use such third party products. Notwithstanding anything
otherwise set forth in this Agreement, the terms and restrictions set forth 
herein shall not prevent or restrict Customer from exercising additional or 
different rights to any open source software that may be contained in or 
provided with the Products in accordance with the applicable open source 
software licenses which shall be either included with the Products or made 
available to Customer upon request. Customer may not use any license keys or 
other license access devices not provided by Provider, including but not 
limited to "pirate keys", to install or access the Software.

4.	Proprietary Rights. Customer understands and agrees that (i) the Products 
are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and treaties, 
(ii) Provider, its Affiliates and/or its licensors own the copyright, and other
intellectual property rights in the Products, (iii) the Software is licensed, 
and not sold, (iv) this Agreement does not grant Customer any rights to 
Provider's trademarks or service marks, and (v) Provider reserves any and all 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
rights, implied or otherwise, which are not expressly granted to Customer in 
this Agreement.

5.  	Title, Risk of Loss and Delivery. Provider, its Affiliates and/or its 
licensors own the title to all Software. Title and risk of loss to an Appliance
shall pass from Provider to Customer upon shipment (unless the Appliance is 
rented, leased or loaned to Customer).  Delivery of Products shall be by 
electronic download or electronic download and FOB Shipping Point.

6.  	Payment. Customer agrees to pay to Provider (or, if applicable, the 
Partner) the fees specified in each Order, including any applicable shipping 
fees. Customer will be invoiced promptly following delivery of the Products or 
prior to the commencement of any Renewal Maintenance Period and Customer shall 
make all payments due to Provider in full within thirty (30) days from the date
of each invoice or such other period (if any) stated in a Signed Order.  
Provider reserves the right to charge Customer a late penalty of 1.5% per month
(or the maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is the lesser) for any amounts
payable to Provider by Customer that are not subject to a good faith dispute 
and that remain unpaid after the due date until such amount is paid.

7.	Taxes. The fees stated in an Order may not include taxes. If Provider is 
required to pay sales, use, property, value-added or other taxes based on the 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
Products or Maintenance Services provided under this Agreement or on Customer's
use of Products or Maintenance Services, then such taxes shall be billed to and
paid by Customer. This Section does not apply to taxes based on Provider's 
income.

8.  	Termination.

This Agreement or the Licenses granted hereunder may be terminated (i) by 
mutual written agreement of Provider and Customer or (ii) by either party for a
breach of this Agreement by the other party (or a Third Party User) that the 
breaching party fails to cure to the non-breaching party's reasonable 
satisfaction within thirty (30) days following its receipt of notice of the 
breach.

Upon termination of this Agreement or expiration or termination of a License 
for any reason, all rights granted to Customer for the applicable Software 
shall immediately cease and Customer shall immediately: (i) cease using the 
applicable Software and Documentation, (ii) remove all copies, installations, 
and instances of the applicable Software from all Customer computers and any 
other devices on which the Software was installed, and ensure that all 
applicable Third Party Users and Clients do the same, (iii) return the 
applicable Software to Provider together with all Documentation and other 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
materials associated with the Software and all copies of any of the foregoing, 
or destroy such items, (iv) cease using the Maintenance Services associated 
with the applicable Software, (v) pay Provider or the applicable Partner all 
amounts due and payable up to the date of termination, and (vi) give Provider a
written certification, within ten (10) days, that Customer,  Third Party Users,
and Clients, as applicable, have complied with all of the foregoing 
obligations.

Any provision of this Agreement that requires or contemplates execution after 
(i) termination of this Agreement, (ii) a termination or expiration of a 
License, or (iii) the expiration of a SaaS Term, is enforceable against the 
other party and their respective successors and assignees notwithstanding such 
termination or expiration, including, without limitation, the Restrictions, 
Payment, Taxes, Termination, Warranty Disclaimer, Infringement Indemnity, 
Limitation of Liability, Confidential Information, Compliance Verification, and
General Sections of this Agreement. Termination of this Agreement or a License 
shall be without prejudice to any other remedies that the terminating party may
have under law, subject to the limitations and exclusions set forth in this 
Agreement.

9.  	Export. Customer acknowledges that the Products and Maintenance Services 
are subject to the export control laws, rules, regulations, restrictions and 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
national security controls of the United States and other applicable foreign 
agencies (the "Export Controls") and agrees to abide by the Export Controls. 
Customer hereby agrees to use the Products and Maintenance Services in 
accordance with the Export Controls, and shall not export, re-export, sell, 
lease or otherwise transfer the Products or any copy, portion or direct product
of the foregoing in violation of the Export Controls.  Customer is solely 
responsible for obtaining all necessary licenses or authorizations relating to 
the export, re-export, sale, lease or transfer of the Products and for ensuring
compliance with the requirements of such licenses or authorizations. Customer 
hereby (i) represents that Customer is not an entity or person to which 
shipment of Products, or provision of Maintenance Services, is prohibited by 
the Export Controls; and (ii) agrees that it shall not export, re-export or 
otherwise transfer the Products to (a) any country subject to a United States 
trade embargo, (b) a national or resident of any country subject to a United 
States trade embargo, (c) any person or entity to which shipment of Products is
prohibited by the Export Controls, or (d) anyone who is engaged in activities 
related to the design, development, production, or use of nuclear materials, 
nuclear facilities, nuclear weapons, missiles or chemical or biological 
weapons. Customer shall, at its expense, defend Provider and its Affiliates 
from any third party claim or action arising out of any inaccurate 
representation made by Customer regarding the existence of an export license, 
Customer's failure to provide information to Provider to obtain an export 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
license, or any allegation made against Provider due to Customer's violation or
alleged violation of the Export Controls (an "Export Claim") and shall pay any 
judgments or settlements reached in connection with the Export Claim as well as
Provider's costs of responding to the Export Claim.

10.   Maintenance Services.

(a) 	Description. Except as otherwise stated in a Signed Order or Governing 
Quotation, or an amendment to this Agreement, during any Maintenance Period and
for the applicable fees, Provider shall:

	(i)	Make available to Customer new versions and releases of the Software, 
including Software corrections, enhancements and upgrades, if and when Provider
makes them generally available without charge as part of Maintenance Services.

	(ii)	Respond to communications from Customer that report Software failures not
previously reported to Provider by Customer. Nothing in the foregoing shall 
operate to limit or restrict follow up communication by Customer regarding 
Software failures.

	(iii)  Respond to requests from Customer's technical coordinators for 
assistance with the operational/technical aspects of the Software unrelated to 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
a Software failure. Provider shall have the right to limit such responses if 
Provider reasonably determines that the volume of such non-error related 
requests for assistance is excessive or overly repetitive in nature.

    (iv)	Provide access to Provider's software support web site at 
http://quest.com/support/ (the "Support Site").

    (v)	For Customers that have purchased a License to use Software in the 
"Privileged Account" family of products ("PA Software") and have purchased 
Maintenance Services for the PA Software continuously since the purchase of 
such License, provide the Privileged Account Appliance Replacement Program (as 
described in the Product Guide) for the Appliance on which the PA Software is 
delivered (the "PA Appliance").


Maintenance Services are available during regional business support hours 
("Business Hours") as indicated on the Support Site, unless Customer has 
purchased 24x7 Support. The list of Software for which 24x7 Support is 
available and/or required is listed in the Global Support Guide on the Support 
Site.

The Maintenance Services for Software that Provider has obtained through an 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
acquisition or merger may, for a period of time following the effective date of
the acquisition or merger, be governed by terms other than those in this 
Section. The applicable different terms, if any, shall be stated on the Support
Site.

(b)	Maintenance Period. For On-Premise Software, the first period for which 
Customer is entitled to receive Maintenance Services begins on the date of the 
initial delivery of the Software following an Order and ends twelve (12) months
thereafter unless otherwise set forth below or in the applicable Signed Order 
or Governing Quotation (the "Initial Maintenance Period"). Following the 
Initial Maintenance Period, Maintenance Services for On-Premise Software shall 
automatically renew for additional terms of twelve (12) months (each, a 
"Renewal Maintenance Period") at the prices stated on the Maintenance renewal 
Quotation unless the renewal has been cancelled by either party giving written 
notice, by email or otherwise, to the other at least sixty (60) days prior to 
the first day of the applicable Renewal Maintenance Period. Unless otherwise 
agreed in writing, Customer must purchase Maintenance Services for all copies 
of each licensed Product or none at all for that Product. Customer may not 
cancel Maintenance Services on a subset of licenses of a Product to reduce 
Maintenance fees. For purposes of this Agreement, the Initial Maintenance 
Period and each Renewal Maintenance Period shall be considered a "Maintenance 
Period."  For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement shall apply to each 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
Renewal Maintenance Period.  Cancellation of Maintenance Services for perpetual
Licenses for On-Premise Software will not terminate Customer's rights to 
continue to use the On-Premise Software. Maintenance fees shall be due in 
advance of each Renewal Maintenance Period and shall be subject to the payment 
requirements set forth in this Agreement. The procedure for reinstating 
Maintenance Services for On-Premise Software after it has lapsed is posted at 
https://support.quest.com/essentials/Reinstate-Maintenance-Services.

For SaaS Software, the Maintenance Period is equal to the duration of the 
applicable SaaS Term. For non-perpetual Licenses for On-Premises Software or 
for non-perpetual MSP Licenses, the Maintenance Period is equal to the duration
of the License.

11.  	Warranties and Remedies.

(a)	Software Warranties. Provider warrants that, during the applicable Warranty
Period (as defined in subsection (c) below),

    (i) 	the operation of the Software, as provided by Provider, will 
substantially conform to its Documentation (the "Operational Warranty");

    (ii) 	the Software, as provided by Provider, will not contain any viruses, 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
worms, Trojan Horses, or other malicious or destructive code designed by 
Provider to allow unauthorized intrusion upon, disabling of, or erasure of the 
Software, except that the Software may contain a key limiting its use to the 
scope of the License granted, and license keys issued by Provider for temporary
use are time-sensitive (the "Virus Warranty");

    (iii)	the media provided by Provider, if any, on which the On-Premise 
Software is recorded will be free from material defects in materials and 
workmanship under normal use (the "Media Warranty"); and

(b)	Appliance Warranties. Except for the PA Appliance, Appliances are warranted
in accordance with the warranty document delivered with the Appliance and/or 
included on the hardware manufacturers' website. For the PA Appliance, Provider
warrants that, during the applicable Warranty Period, the PA Appliance will 
operate in a manner which allows the PA Software to be used in substantial 
conformance with the Documentation (the "PA Appliance Warranty").

(c)	Warranty Periods. The "Warranty Period" for each of the above warranties 
shall be as follows: (i) for the Operational Warranty as it applies to 
On-Premise Software, the Virus Warranty and the Media Warranty, thirty (30) 
days following the initial delivery of the Software pursuant to an Order; (ii) 
for the Operational Warranty as it applies to SaaS Software, the duration of 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
the SaaS Term; and (iii) for the PA Appliance Warranty, one (1) year following 
the initial delivery of the PA Appliance following an Order.

(d)	Remedies. Any breach of the foregoing warranties must be reported by 
Customer to Provider during the applicable Warranty Period.  Customer's sole 
and exclusive remedy and Provider's sole obligation for any such breach shall 
be as follows:

    (i)  	For a breach of the Operational Warranty that impacts the use of 
On-Premise Software, Provider shall correct or provide a workaround for 
reproducible errors in the Software that caused the breach within a reasonable 
time considering the severity of the error and its effect on Customer or, at 
Provider's option, refund the license fees paid for the nonconforming Software 
upon return of such Software to Provider and termination of the related 
License(s) hereunder.

    (ii)	For a breach of the Operational Warranty that impacts the use of SaaS 
Software, Provider shall correct or provide a workaround for reproducible 
errors in the Software that caused the breach and provide a credit of the fees 
allocable to the period during which the Software was not operating in 
substantial conformance with the applicable Documentation.


PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
    (iii)	For a breach of the Virus Warranty, Provider shall replace the 
Software with a copy that is in conformance with the Virus Warranty.

    (iv)	For a breach of the Media Warranty, Provider shall, at its expense, 
replace the defective media.

    (v)	For a breach of the PA Appliance Warranty, Provider shall fulfill its 
obligations under the applicable Appliance Replacement Program.

Additional Product-specific warranties and remedies may be stated in a Signed 
Order.

(e)	Warranty Exclusions. The warranties set forth in this Section shall not 
apply to any non-conformance (i) that Provider cannot recreate after exercising
commercially reasonable efforts to attempt to do so; (ii) caused by misuse of 
the applicable Product or by using the Product in a manner that is inconsistent
with this Agreement or the Documentation; or (iii) arising from the 
modification of the Product by anyone other than Provider.

(f)	No Warranty of Interoperability.  Certain Software may contain features 
designed to interoperate with third-party products.  If the third-party product
is no longer made available by the applicable provider, Provider may 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
discontinue the related product feature. Provider shall notify Customer of any 
such discontinuation, however Customer will not be entitled to any refund, 
credit or other compensation as a result of the discontinuation.

(g)	Warranty Disclaimer. THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES AND REMEDIES SET FORTH IN THIS 
SECTION OR IN A SIGNED ORDER OR GOVERNING QUOTATION ARE THE ONLY WARRANTIES AND
REMEDIES PROVIDED BY PROVIDER HEREUNDER. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
APPLICABLE LAW, ALL OTHER WARRANTIES OR REMEDIES ARE EXCLUDED, WHETHER EXPRESS 
OR IMPLIED, ORAL OR WRITTEN, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, 
SATISFACTORY QUALITY, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM USAGE OF TRADE OR COURSE 
OF DEALING OR PERFORMANCE. PROVIDER DOES NOT WARRANT UNINTERRUPTED OR 
ERROR-FREE OPERATION OF THE PRODUCTS.

(h)	High-Risk Disclaimer. CUSTOMER UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT THE PRODUCTS ARE
NOT FAULT-TOLERANT AND ARE NOT DESIGNED OR INTENDED FOR USE IN ANY HIGH-RISK OR
HAZARDOUS ENVIRONMENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE OPERATION OF NUCLEAR 
FACILITIES, AIRCRAFT NAVIGATION, AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, LIFE SUPPORT MACHINES, 
WEAPONS SYSTEMS, OR ANY OTHER APPLICATION WHERE THE FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION OF 
ANY PRODUCT CAN REASONABLY BE EXPECTED TO RESULT IN DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, 
SEVERE PROPERTY DAMAGE OR SEVERE ENVIRONMENTAL HARM (A "HIGH RISK 
ENVIRONMENT"). ACCORDINGLY, (I) CUSTOMER SHOULD NOT USE THE PRODUCTS IN A HIGH 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
RISK ENVIRONMENT, (II) ANY USE OF THE PRODUCTS BY CUSTOMER IN A HIGH RISK 
ENVIRONMENT IS AT CUSTOMER'S OWN RISK, (III) PROVIDER, ITS AFFILIATES AND 
SUPPLIERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER IN ANY WAY FOR USE OF THE PRODUCTS IN
A HIGH RISK ENVIRONMENT, AND (IV) PROVIDER MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR ASSURANCES, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING USE OF THE PRODUCTS IN A HIGH RISK ENVIRONMENT.

12.  Infringement Indemnity. Provider shall indemnify Customer from and against
any claim, suit, action, or proceeding brought against Customer by a third 
party to the extent it is based on an allegation that the Software directly 
infringes any patent, copyright, trademark, or other proprietary right 
enforceable in the country in which Provider has authorized Customer to use the
Software, including, but not limited to the country to which the Software is 
delivered to Customer, or misappropriates a trade secret in such country (a 
"Claim").  Indemnification for a Claim shall consist of the following: Provider
shall (a) defend or settle the Claim at its own expense, (b) pay any judgments 
finally awarded against Customer under a Claim or any amounts assessed against 
Customer in any settlements of a Claim, and (c) reimburse Customer for the 
reasonable administrative costs or expenses, including without limitation 
reasonable attorneys' fees, it necessarily incurs in responding to the Claim. 
Provider's obligations under this Infringement Indemnity Section are 
conditioned upon Customer (i) giving prompt written notice of the Claim to 
Provider, (ii) permitting Provider to retain sole control of the investigation,

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
defense or settlement of the Claim, and (iii) providing Provider with 
cooperation and assistance as Provider may reasonably request in connection 
with the Claim. Provider shall have no obligation hereunder to defend Customer 
against any Claim (a) resulting from use of the Software other than as 
authorized by this Agreement, a Signed Order, or a Governing Quotation, (b) 
resulting from a modification of the Software other than by Provider, (c) based
on Customer's use of any release of the Software after Provider recommends 
discontinuation because of possible or actual infringement and has provided a 
non-infringing version at no charge,  or (d) to the extent the Claim arises 
from or is based on the use of the Software with other products, services, or 
data not supplied by Provider if the infringement would not have occurred but 
for such use. If, as a result of a Claim or an injunction, Customer must stop 
using any Software ("Infringing Software"), Provider shall at its expense and 
option either (1) obtain for Customer the right to continue using the 
Infringing Software, (2) replace the Infringing Software with a functionally 
equivalent non-infringing product, (3) modify the Infringing Software so that 
it is non-infringing, or (4) terminate the License for the Infringing Software 
and (A) for On-Premise Software, accept the return of the Infringing Software 
and refund the license fee paid for the Infringing Software, pro-rated over a 
sixty (60) month period from the date of initial delivery of such Software 
following an Order, or (B) for SaaS Software, discontinue Customer's right to 
access and use the Infringing  Software and refund the unused pro-rated portion

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
of any license fees pre-paid by Customer for such Software. This Section states
Provider's entire liability and its sole and exclusive indemnification 
obligations with respect to a Claim and Infringing Software.

13.  Limitation of Liability. EXCEPT FOR (A) ANY BREACH OF THE RESTRICTIONS OR 
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION SECTIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, (B) AMOUNTS CONTAINED IN 
JUDGMENTS OR SETTLEMENTS WHICH PROVIDER IS LIABLE TO PAY TO A THIRD PARTY UNDER
THE INFRINGEMENT INDEMNITY SECTION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND CUSTOMER IS LIABLE TO 
PAY ON BEHALF OF OR TO PROVIDER UNDER THE SAAS ADDENDUM (IF APPLICABLE), 
EXPORT, AND MSP LICENSE SECTIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR (C) ANY LIABILITY TO THE
EXTENT LIABILITY MAY NOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED AS A MATTER OF APPLICABLE LAW, 
IN NO EVENT SHALL CUSTOMER OR ITS AFFILIATES OR PROVIDER, ITS AFFILIATES OR 
SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR  (X) ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND OR (Y) LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF ACTUAL OR 
ANTICIPATED PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF CONTRACTS, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR 
REPUTATION, LOSS OF ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF, DAMAGE TO OR CORRUPTION OF 
DATA, HOWSOEVER ARISING, WHETHER SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE WAS FORESEEABLE OR IN THE 
CONTEMPLATION OF THE PARTIES AND WHETHER ARISING IN OR FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, 
TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF STATUTORY DUTY, OR OTHERWISE.

EXCEPT FOR (A) ANY BREACH OF THE SOFTWARE LICENSE, RESTRICTIONS, OR 
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION SECTIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY OTHER VIOLATION OF 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
THE OTHER PARTY'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS; (B) PROVIDER'S EXPRESS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE INFRINGEMENT INDEMNITY SECTION OF THIS  AGREEMENT AND 
CUSTOMER'S EXPRESS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE SAAS ADDENDUM (IF APPLICABLE), EXPORT,
AND MSP LICENSE SECTIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, (C) PROVIDER'S COSTS OF COLLECTING 
DELINQUENT AMOUNTS WHICH ARE NOT THE SUBJECT OF A GOOD FAITH DISPUTE; (D) A 
PREVAILING PARTY'S LEGAL FEES PURSUANT TO THE LEGAL FEES SECTION OF THIS 
AGREEMENT; OR (E) ANY LIABILITY TO THE EXTENT LIABILITY MAY NOT BE EXCLUDED OR 
LIMITED AS A MATTER OF APPLICABLE LAW, THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE AND CUMULATIVE 
LIABILITY OF CUSTOMER AND ITS AFFILIATES AND PROVIDER, ITS AFFILIATES AND 
SUPPLIERS, FOR DAMAGES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER ARISING IN OR FOR BREACH 
OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF STATUTORY DUTY, OR 
OTHERWISE, SHALL BE THE FEES PAID AND/OR OWED (AS APPLICABLE) BY CUSTOMER OR 
ITS AFFILIATES FOR THE PRODUCTS THAT ARE THE SUBJECT OF THE BREACH, EXCEPT FOR 
MAINTENANCE SERVICES OR A PRODUCT SUBJECT TO RECURRING FEES, FOR WHICH THE 
MAXIMUM AGGREGATE AND CUMULATIVE LIABILITY SHALL BE THE AMOUNT PAID AND/OR OWED
(AS APPLICABLE) FOR SUCH MAINTENANCE SERVICE OR PRODUCT DURING THE TWELVE (12) 
MONTHS PRECEDING THE BREACH.  THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THESE LIMITATIONS OF 
LIABILITY ARE AGREED ALLOCATIONS OF RISK CONSTITUTING IN PART THE CONSIDERATION
FOR PROVIDER PROVIDING PRODUCTS AND SERVICES TO CUSTOMER, AND SUCH LIMITATIONS 
WILL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED 
REMEDY AND EVEN IF A PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH 
LIABILITIES OR FAILURES.

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 

Provider's Affiliates and suppliers and Customer's Affiliates shall be 
beneficiaries of this Limitation of Liability Section and Customer's Clients 
and Third Party Users are entitled to the rights granted under the MSP License 
and Use by Third Parties Sections of this Agreement; otherwise, no third party 
beneficiaries exist under this Agreement. Provider expressly excludes any and 
all liability to Third Party Users, Clients and to any other third party.

14.  Confidential Information.

(a)  Definition. "Confidential Information" means information or materials 
disclosed by one party (the "Disclosing Party") to the other party (the 
"Receiving Party") that are not generally available to the public and which, 
due to their character and nature, a reasonable person under like circumstances
would treat as confidential, including, without limitation, financial, 
marketing, and pricing information, trade secrets, know-how, proprietary tools,
knowledge and methodologies, the Software (in source code and/or object code 
form), information or benchmark test results regarding the functionality and 
performance of the Software, any Software license keys provided to Customer, 
and the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Confidential Information shall not include information or materials that (i) 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
are generally known to the public, other than as a result of an unpermitted 
disclosure by the Receiving Party after the date that Customer accepts the 
Agreement (the "Effective Date"); (ii) were known to the Receiving Party 
without an obligation of confidentiality prior to receipt from the Disclosing 
Party; (iii) the Receiving Party lawfully received from a third party without 
that third party's breach of agreement or obligation of trust; (iv) are 
protected by Provider in accordance with its obligations under the Protected 
Data Section below or SaaS Addendum (if applicable), or (v) are or were 
independently developed by the Receiving Party without access to or use of the 
Disclosing Party's Confidential Information.

(b)  Obligations. The Receiving Party shall (i) not disclose the Disclosing 
Party's Confidential Information to any third party, except as permitted in 
subsection (c) below and (ii) protect the Disclosing Party's Confidential 
Information from unauthorized use or disclosure by exercising at least the same
degree of care it uses to protect its own similar information, but in no event 
less than a reasonable degree of care.  The Receiving Party shall promptly 
notify the Disclosing Party of any known unauthorized use or disclosure of the 
Disclosing Party's Confidential Information and will cooperate with the 
Disclosing Party in any litigation brought by the Disclosing Party against 
third parties to protect its proprietary rights.  For the avoidance of doubt, 
this Section shall apply to all disclosures of the parties' Confidential 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
Information as of the Effective Date, whether or not specifically arising from 
a party's performance under this Agreement.

(c)  Permitted Disclosures. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party 
may disclose the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information without the 
Disclosing Party's prior written consent to any of its Affiliates, directors, 
officers, employees, consultants, contractors or representatives (collectively,
the "Representatives"), but only to those Representatives that (i) have a "need
to know" in order to carry out the purposes of this Agreement or to provide 
professional advice in connection with this Agreement, (ii) are legally bound 
to the Receiving Party to protect information such as the Confidential 
Information under terms at least as restrictive as those provided herein, and 
(iii) have been informed by the Receiving Party of the confidential nature of 
the Confidential Information and the requirements regarding restrictions on 
disclosure and use as set forth in this Section.  The Receiving Party shall be 
liable to the Disclosing Party for the acts or omissions of any Representatives
to which it discloses Confidential Information which, if done by the Receiving 
Party, would be a breach of this Agreement.

Additionally, it shall not be a breach of this Section for the Receiving Party 
to disclose the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information as may be required 
by operation of law or legal process, provided that the Receiving Party 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
provides prior notice of such disclosure to the Disclosing Party unless 
expressly prohibited from doing so by a court, arbitration panel or other legal
authority of competent jurisdiction.

15.	Protected Data. For purposes of this Section, "Protected Data" means any 
information or data that is provided by Customer to Provider during this 
Agreement that alone or together with any other information relates to an 
identified or identifiable natural person or data considered to be personal 
data as defined under Privacy Laws, and "Privacy Laws" means any applicable 
law, statute, directive or regulation regarding privacy, data protection, 
information security obligations and/or the processing of Protected Data.

Provider shall comply with all applicable Privacy Laws and implement reasonable
technical and organizational measures to prevent unauthorized disclosure of or 
access to Protected Data by third parties. Customer shall use reasonable 
efforts to send only the least amount of Protected Data necessary for Provider 
to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement or any Order.

Customer hereby (i) represents that it has the right to send the Protected Data
to Provider, (ii) consents for Provider to store and use the Protected Data 
worldwide for the sole purpose of performing its obligations under this 
Agreement and any applicable Orders, (iii) agrees that the Protected Data may 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
be accessed and used by Provider and its Representatives worldwide as may be 
needed to support Provider's standard business operations, and (iv) agrees that
Protected Data consisting of Customer contact information (e.g., email 
addresses, names) provided as part of Maintenance Services may be sent to 
Provider's third party service providers as part of Provider's services 
improvement processes.

16.	Compliance Verification. In order to allow Provider to verify that Customer
is not engaged in any Overuse of Products, Customer shall: (i) maintain and use
systems and procedures that allow Customer to accurately and completely track, 
document, and report License Entitlements and Use of each Product; and (ii) 
allow Provider to audit Customer's Use of the Products (the "Audit"). Audits 
may be performed by Provider or its designated agent. Provider shall provide at
least ten (10) days prior written notice to Customer before the start of an 
Audit and will conduct the Audit during normal business hours at Customer's 
facilities. Customer shall provide, and will require its Clients and Third 
Party Users to provide, their full cooperation and assistance with such audit 
and provide access to the applicable records and computers.

(a)	Confidentiality. Provider agrees that any Customer information gathered 
during the performance of an audit shall be Customer's Confidential Information
under this Agreement.  Customer agrees that it will not require any further 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
confidentiality or nondisclosure agreements to be executed by Provider or its 
designated agents in connection with the Audit.

(b)	Excess Use. If an Audit indicates that Customer has engaged in Overuse, 
then Customer will be invoiced for all Overuse quantities at Provider's then 
current list price plus any applicable Overuse fees, which may include but are 
not limited to, interest on past due amounts and prior Maintenance Service 
fees. If the Overuse is more than five percent (5%) of the License 
Entitlements, then Customer shall reimburse Provider for Provider's cost of 
performing the Audit.

17.	SaaS Provisions. If Customer places an Order for SaaS Software, the terms 
and conditions of the Software as a Service Addendum available at 
https://www.quest.com/legal/saas-addendum.aspx (the "SaaS Addendum") are 
incorporated herein and made part of this Agreement.

18.  General.

(a)	Governing Law and Venue.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington, without giving effect 
to any conflict of laws principles that would require the application of laws 
of a different state.  Any action seeking enforcement of this Agreement or any 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
provision hereof shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts 
located in King County, Washington. Each party hereby agrees to submit to the 
jurisdiction of such courts.

The parties agree that neither the United Nations Convention on Contracts for 
the International Sale of Goods, nor the Uniform Computer Information 
Transaction Act (UCITA) shall apply to this Agreement, regardless of the states
in which the parties do business or are incorporated.

(b)	Assignment. Except as otherwise set forth herein, Customer shall not, in 
whole or part, assign or transfer any part of this Agreement, the Licenses 
granted under this Agreement or any other rights, interest or obligations 
hereunder, whether voluntarily, by contract, by operation of law or by merger 
(whether that party is the surviving or disappearing entity), stock or asset 
sale, consolidation, dissolution, through government action or order, or 
otherwise without the prior written consent of Provider.  Any attempted 
transfer or assignment by Customer that is not permitted by this Agreement 
shall be null and void.

(c)	Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court 
of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, such provision will be 
enforced to the maximum extent permissible by law to effect the intent of the 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
parties and the remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full 
force and effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the terms of this Agreement 
that limit, disclaim, or exclude warranties, remedies or damages are intended 
by the parties to be independent and remain in effect despite the failure or 
unenforceability of an agreed remedy. The parties have relied on the 
limitations and exclusions set forth in this Agreement in determining whether 
to enter into it.

(d)	Use by U.S. Government.  The Software is a "commercial item" under FAR 
12.201. Consistent with FAR section 12.212 and DFARS section 227.7202, any use,
modification, reproduction, release, performance, display, disclosure or 
distribution of the Software or Documentation by the U.S. government is 
prohibited except as expressly permitted by the terms of this Agreement. In 
addition, when Customer is a U.S. government entity, the language in Subsection
(ii) of the Infringement Indemnity Section of this Agreement and the Injunctive
Relief Section of this Agreement shall not be applicable.

(e)	Notices. All notices provided hereunder shall be in writing and addressed 
to the legal department of the respective party or to such other address as may
be specified in an Order or in writing by either of the parties to the other in
accordance with this Section. Except as may be expressly permitted herein, 
notices may be delivered personally, sent to an email address specified by the 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
receiving party, sent via a nationally recognized courier or overnight delivery
service, or mailed by first class mail, postage prepaid.  All notices, 
requests, demands or communications shall be deemed effective upon personal 
delivery or, if sent by mail, four (4) days following deposit in the mail in 
accordance with this paragraph.

(f)	Disclosure of Customer Status. Provider may include Customer in its listing
of customers and, upon written consent by Customer, announce Customer's 
selection of Provider in its marketing communications.

(g)	Waiver. Performance of any obligation required by a party hereunder may be 
waived only by a written waiver signed by an authorized representative of the 
other party, which waiver shall be effective only with respect to the specific 
obligation described therein. Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of
this Agreement on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of any other 
provision or of such provision on any other occasion.

(h)	Injunctive Relief. Each party acknowledges and agrees that in the event of 
a material breach of this Agreement, including but not limited to a breach of 
the Software License, Restrictions or Confidential Information Sections of this
Agreement, the non-breaching party shall be entitled to seek immediate 
injunctive relief, without limiting its other rights and remedies.

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 

(i)	Force Majeure. Each party will be excused from performance for any period 
during which, and to the extent that, it is prevented from performing any 
obligation or service as a result of causes beyond its reasonable control, and 
without its fault or negligence, including without limitation, acts of God, 
strikes, lockouts, riots, acts of war, epidemics, communication line failures, 
and power failures. For added certainty, this Section shall not operate to 
change, delete, or modify any of the parties' obligations under this Agreement 
(e.g., payment), but rather only to excuse a delay in the performance of such 
obligations.

(j)	Equal Opportunity. Provider is a federal contractor and Affirmative Action 
employer (M/F/D/V) as required by the Equal Opportunity clause C.F.R. ? 
60-741.5(a).

(k)	Headings. Headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and do not 
affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. This Agreement will not
be construed either in favor of or against one party or the other, but rather 
in accordance with its fair meaning. When the term "including" is used in this 
Agreement it will be construed in each case to mean "including, but not limited
to."


PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
(l)  	Legal Fees. If any legal action is brought to enforce any rights or 
obligations under this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to 
recover its reasonable attorneys' fees, court costs and other collection 
expenses, in addition to any other relief it may be awarded.

(m)	Entire Agreement. This Agreement is intended by the parties as a final 
expression of their agreement with respect to the subject matter thereof and 
may not be contradicted by evidence of any prior or contemporaneous agreement 
unless such agreement is signed by both parties.  In the absence of such an 
agreement, this Agreement and the applicable Signed Order or Governing 
Quotation shall constitute the complete and exclusive statement of the terms 
and conditions and no extrinsic evidence whatsoever may be introduced in any 
judicial or arbitral proceeding that may involve the Agreement.    Each party 
acknowledges that in entering into the Agreement it has not relied on, and 
shall have no right or remedy in respect of, any statement, representation, 
assurance or warranty (whether made negligently or innocently) other than as 
expressly set out in the Agreement. In those jurisdictions where an original 
(non-faxed, non-electronic, or non-scanned) copy of an agreement or an original
(non-electronic) signature on agreements such as this Agreement or an Order is 
required by law or regulation, the parties hereby agree that, notwithstanding 
any such law or regulation, an electronic, or scanned copy of and a certified 
electronic signature on this Agreement or any Order shall be sufficient to 

PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 
create an enforceable and valid agreement. In the event of a conflict between 
the terms of this Agreement and the terms contained in an Order, the terms of a
Signed Order or Governing Quotation shall control.  For all other Orders, in 
the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms 
contained in an Order, the terms of this Agreement shall control.   Neither 
this Agreement, nor an Order, may be modified or amended except by a writing 
executed by a duly authorized representative of each party.  No other act, 
document, usage or custom shall be deemed to amend or modify this Agreement or 
an Order.


USSTA20180525.1

DO YOU ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT? (Y/N): 


===============================================================================
Choose Install Folder
---------------------

Select your installation folder (DEFAULT: /home/test/Quest/Foglight)
   : 


===============================================================================
Choose Link Location
--------------------

Where would you like to create links?

  ->1- Default: /home/test/Quest/Foglight/Shortcuts
    2- In your home folder
    3- Choose another location...

    4- Don't create links

ENTER THE NUMBER OF AN OPTION ABOVE, OR PRESS <ENTER> TO ACCEPT THE DEFAULT
      : 


===============================================================================
Pre-Installation Summary
------------------------

Please review the installation parameters before continuing:

Product Name:
    Foglight 5.9.5

Install Folder:
    /home/test/TestInstallFMS/Foglight

Link Folder:
    /home/test/Quest/Foglight/Shortcuts

Product Components:
    Foglight

Installation Type :
    New Install



PRESS <ENTER> TO CONTINUE: 


===============================================================================
Installing...
-------------

 [==================|==================|==================|==================]
 [------------------|------------------|------------------|------------------]



===============================================================================
Choose Install Folder
---------------------

Please enter the password for the administrator account 'foglight' 
(default:'foglight').
For default password of "foglight" press ENTER
   Password: **For default password of "foglight" press ENTER
   Retype Password: Configure as Secure Server (HTTPS Only)? (Y/N): 


===============================================================================
Foglight Mode
-------------

Please specify a Foglight mode.
  ->1- Standalone
    2- HA (High Availability)

Foglight Mode: 


===============================================================================
Foglight Database Configuration
-------------------------------

Enter the user ID and password for the Foglight database account.
User ID (DEFAULT: foglight): For default password of "foglight" press ENTER
   Password: **For default password of "foglight" press ENTER
   Retype Password: *  ->1- Embedded
    2- External

Select the Foglight database configuration: Please enter the database port number (DEFAULT: 15432): Embedded Database Administrator Account 'root'
Please enter the DB administrator password
For default password of "foglight" press ENTER
   Password: **For default password of "foglight" press ENTER
   Retype Password: Starting embedded database...
Connecting as the database administrator...
Successfully connected as administrator...
Checking the databases schema...
Creating the database...
Connecting as the foglight user...
Successfully connected as foglight user...
Creating foglight schema...
Populating the foglight database...
Shutting down embedded database...
Database configuration complete.



===============================================================================
Foglight Ports Configuration
----------------------------

Please enter the Foglight port assignments.
Please enter Cluster Multi-cast Port (DEFAULT: 45566): Please enter HTTP Port (DEFAULT: 8080): Please enter HTTPS Port (DEFAULT: 8443): Please enter Federation Port (DEFAULT: 1099): Please enter QP5 Server Port (DEFAULT: 8448): 


===============================================================================
Foglight License
----------------

Please enter the path to a Foglight license file: 


===============================================================================
Foglight Server Startup
-----------------------

Start Foglight Server?

 (Note: Installation will finish after launching the server)


  ->1- Run Now
    2- Not Now

ENTER THE NUMBER FOR YOUR CHOICE, OR PRESS <ENTER> TO ACCEPT THE DEFAULT:
   : 



===============================================================================
Installation Complete
---------------------

Congratulations. Foglight has been successfully installed to:

/home/test/TestInstallFMS/Foglight

Server administration user = foglight
Database administrator user = foglight

[Build: 5.9.5-201901131709-163412de-4]

PRESS <ENTER> TO EXIT THE INSTALLER: =========================================
[30m[47mChecking Foglight_x.x.x_InstallLog.log...[0m
=========================================
1
[32mPASS --> No Warnings/NonFatalErrors/FatalErrors found in Foglight_x.x.x_InstallLog.log[0m
============================================================
[30m[47mChecking Foglight_x.x.x_Install_yyyy-mm-dd_hhmmss_xxx.log...[0m
============================================================
2019-01-17 02:39:46.200 ERROR   [main] com.quest.nitro.installanywhere.FoglightConfigSettings - FoglightConfigSettings.Modify configuration [Database Info.]: Type=POSTGRESQL, Host=127.0.0.1, Port=15432: []
0
[31mFAIL --> There's Warnings/NonFatalErrors/FatalErrors in Foglight_x.x.x_Install_yyyy-mm-dd_hhmmss_xxx.log, please check[0m
===================
[30m[47mStarting the FMS...[0m
===================
2019-01-17 02:39:57.000 INFO  [native] Attempting to start Foglight as a daemon.
  The startup may take some time to complete. Please check the log file for more
  information. Use the '--stop' command line option to shut down a running
  daemon.


-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/-\|/2019-01-17 02:48:13.277 INFO    [forge-startup] com.quest.nitro.startup.ForgeServer - Forge Server startup completed.


[30m[47mFMS startup complete![0m


================================
[30m[47mChecking ManagementServer log...[0m
================================
2019-01-17 02:43:51.929 WARN    [forge-startup] com.quest.nitro.service.topology.provider.wcfsdo.TopologyTypeImpl - The ConnectionState.connectedState property is an observation property that has the is-containment flag cleared.  This flag will be set.
[31mFAIL --> There's WARN/ERROR/FATAL in ManagerServer log, please check Management Server log.[0m
=================================
[30m[47mAll tests are done, exit program.[0m
=================================
░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
░░░▄▄▀▀▀▀▀▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
░░▄▀░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
░▄▀░░░▄▄░░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▄▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▄▄░░░░
░█░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░
░█░░░░██▄████▄░██▄░░░░▄██░▄████▄░░░░▀▄░
░█░░░░██▀░░▀██▄░██▄░░██▀░██▀░▄██░░░░░█░
░█░░░░██░░░░███░░█████▀░░██▄█▀▀░░░░░░█░
░█░░░░███▄▄███▀░░░▀██▀░░░▀██▄▄▄██░░░░█░
░▀▄░░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀░░░░░██▀░░░░░░▀▀▀▀▀░░░░░█░
░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░██▀░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░▄▄▀░░
░░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▄░░░▀▀░░░▄▀░▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀░░░░░
░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
